Ok, so welcome back.
Just one more
short note that I wanted to make
at the end of the chapter.
One of the main
I wouldn't say the main thing but,
This is something that you should
definitely know.
This
is a concept known as comments.
Now, comments are completely irrelevant to
the compiler,
They are completely irrelevant
to the machines. They are ignored.
In fact
after the define statement,
they are all deleted by the compiler,
as it doesn't really care much for them.
However,
Let's say we write the function or
you have a variable like this one
you can create a comment and say
var is for
something.
Here you would basically explain
what this variable is for
and why have you written it here.
Or something like that.
It is very good to put comments
in your code, In fact,
if you don't put comments in your code,
people will scream at you. People
will be very mad at you.
Most likely, because if you are working in
a
group project,
In a project,
where mutiple people are working
on the same code,
and if you submit your code
to somebody else,
and you don't have any comments in it
explaining what is what,
they would probably just return it
to you and say,
I don't understand this.
Please comment it out.
Even though they probably do understand it
but it will take a ton load of time
for them
to go through every single function
and
try to figure out what it means just
by running the code and examining
the functions individually.
So, it is much better
to have
description above
lines of code that you believe,
that you should describe,
that are not self explanatory.
So that, whoever reads the code
and whoever needs to work on it next,
will be able to orient it
themselves
with great ease.
Now there are several...
when you comment something out,
it is excluded from
it is ignored by the compiler,
it does not make any difference
in the code
or to the machine or anything like
that
so you can put whatever
you want in the comment.
These are single line comments,
If you put // You can write
whatever you want in this
single line. But as soon as you go to
the next line, It is no longer a comment.
There is another way of commenting things
which is / *
and then * /
Now, everything in between is a comment.
People tend to
do these things for aesthetic reasons.
Like,
put,
these things one below the
other.
and
I don't know, now they write
something
Hey
here
well I do not
know
there should be,
something.
Now, the asterisk here are completely
irrelevant, I can delete them
like this.
But everything that you place between
this two,
is pretty much considered a comment.
So, this is a multi line comment
and
this is for longer descriptions
or something like that.
But as I said, you have
single line comments where you
can
put your descriptions here
and you can basically place them
one below the other,
which is also a neat trick.
also
if one for example excludes
something from the code temporarily
just to see what happens
it is commented out.
and
you can comment out an entire
section.
and just see how the code
behaves
without that particular
section.
where you can leave it
commented out
you can leave it commented out
so that,
a portion of the code
is embedded in the program.
somebody will find it
useful
so, they can just uncomment it,
and immediately use it.
So, this is the brief concept that I wanted
to explain to you,
something that is very important,
something that you will use a lot
I sincerely hope.
and hopefully you have understood
what I have explained to you
what the comments are
what they are for
the reason
that much
to say in regard
to comment themselves.
Two types of them, one more time,
single line and multi line comments.
that's it
Just write the description of your code,
state what everything means in your code
and be as much of your
be very helpful to colleagues
who will work on
the same code.
They will appreciate it believe me
and I'm pretty sure that they
will return the favor to you
because if you get somebody's code
and somebody commented
you will see
how difficult it is
to read it. No matter how good you are
It's going to take a ton
load of your time.
Anyway, I wish you
a great deal of luck with this course.
And I bid you farewell, until next
chapter.